io/ionic/keyboard/CDVIonicKeyboard.java
 io.ionic.keyboard.CDVIonicKeyboard
 io.ionic.keyboard.CDVIonicKeyboard$1
 io.ionic.keyboard.CDVIonicKeyboard$2
 io.ionic.keyboard.CDVIonicKeyboard$3
 io.ionic.keyboard.CDVIonicKeyboard$3$1
org/apache/cordova/device/Device.java
 org.apache.cordova.device.Device
org/apache/cordova/file/InvalidModificationException.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.InvalidModificationException
com/musicapp/aplication/MainActivity.java
 com.musicapp.aplication.MainActivity
org/apache/cordova/splashscreen/SplashScreen.java
 org.apache.cordova.splashscreen.SplashScreen
 org.apache.cordova.splashscreen.SplashScreen$1
 org.apache.cordova.splashscreen.SplashScreen$2
 org.apache.cordova.splashscreen.SplashScreen$3
 org.apache.cordova.splashscreen.SplashScreen$4
 org.apache.cordova.splashscreen.SplashScreen$4$1
 org.apache.cordova.splashscreen.SplashScreen$5
 org.apache.cordova.splashscreen.SplashScreen$5$1
 org.apache.cordova.splashscreen.SplashScreen$6
 org.apache.cordova.splashscreen.SplashScreen$6$1
 org.apache.cordova.splashscreen.SplashScreen$7
org/apache/cordova/file/NoModificationAllowedException.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.NoModificationAllowedException
org/apache/cordova/file/ContentFilesystem.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.ContentFilesystem
org/apache/cordova/file/FileUtils.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$1
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$10
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$11
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$12
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$13
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$14
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$15
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$16
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$17
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$18
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$19
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$2
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$20
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$21
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$22
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$23
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$24
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$25
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$26
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$27
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$28
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$29
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$3
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$4
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$5
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$6
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$7
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$8
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$9
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$FileOp
org/apache/cordova/media/FileHelper.java
 org.apache.cordova.media.FileHelper
org/apache/cordova/file/PendingRequests.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.PendingRequests
 org.apache.cordova.file.PendingRequests$1
 org.apache.cordova.file.PendingRequests$Request
org/apache/cordova/media/AudioPlayer.java
 org.apache.cordova.media.AudioPlayer
 org.apache.cordova.media.AudioPlayer$1
 org.apache.cordova.media.AudioPlayer$MODE
 org.apache.cordova.media.AudioPlayer$STATE
org/apache/cordova/statusbar/StatusBar.java
 org.apache.cordova.statusbar.StatusBar
 org.apache.cordova.statusbar.StatusBar$1
 org.apache.cordova.statusbar.StatusBar$2
 org.apache.cordova.statusbar.StatusBar$3
 org.apache.cordova.statusbar.StatusBar$4
 org.apache.cordova.statusbar.StatusBar$5
 org.apache.cordova.statusbar.StatusBar$6
 org.apache.cordova.statusbar.StatusBar$7
 org.apache.cordova.statusbar.StatusBar$8
 org.apache.cordova.statusbar.StatusBar$9
org/apache/cordova/file/FileExistsException.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileExistsException
com/ionicframework/cordova/webview/UriMatcher.java
 com.ionicframework.cordova.webview.UriMatcher
org/apache/cordova/file/EncodingException.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.EncodingException
com/musicapp/aplication/BuildConfig.java
 com.musicapp.aplication.BuildConfig
com/ionicframework/cordova/webview/IonicWebView.java
 com.ionicframework.cordova.webview.IonicWebView
 com.ionicframework.cordova.webview.IonicWebView$1
com/ionicframework/cordova/webview/IonicWebViewEngine.java
 com.ionicframework.cordova.webview.IonicWebViewEngine
 com.ionicframework.cordova.webview.IonicWebViewEngine$1
 com.ionicframework.cordova.webview.IonicWebViewEngine$ServerClient
org/apache/cordova/media/AudioHandler.java
 org.apache.cordova.media.AudioHandler
 org.apache.cordova.media.AudioHandler$1
org/apache/cordova/file/AssetFilesystem.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.AssetFilesystem
org/apache/cordova/whitelist/WhitelistPlugin.java
 org.apache.cordova.whitelist.WhitelistPlugin
 org.apache.cordova.whitelist.WhitelistPlugin$1
 org.apache.cordova.whitelist.WhitelistPlugin$CustomConfigXmlParser
org/apache/cordova/file/Filesystem.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.Filesystem
 org.apache.cordova.file.Filesystem$LimitedInputStream
 org.apache.cordova.file.Filesystem$ReadFileCallback
org/apache/cordova/file/TypeMismatchException.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.TypeMismatchException
org/apache/cordova/file/LocalFilesystemURL.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.LocalFilesystemURL
org/apache/cordova/file/DirectoryManager.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.DirectoryManager
org/apache/cordova/file/LocalFilesystem.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.LocalFilesystem
com/ionicframework/cordova/webview/AndroidProtocolHandler.java
 com.ionicframework.cordova.webview.AndroidProtocolHandler
com/ionicframework/cordova/webview/WebViewLocalServer.java
 com.ionicframework.cordova.webview.WebViewLocalServer
 com.ionicframework.cordova.webview.WebViewLocalServer$1
 com.ionicframework.cordova.webview.WebViewLocalServer$2
 com.ionicframework.cordova.webview.WebViewLocalServer$AssetHostingDetails
 com.ionicframework.cordova.webview.WebViewLocalServer$LazyInputStream
 com.ionicframework.cordova.webview.WebViewLocalServer$LollipopLazyInputStream
 com.ionicframework.cordova.webview.WebViewLocalServer$PathHandler
com/rjfun/cordova/plugin/nativeaudio/NativeAudioAsset.java
 com.rjfun.cordova.plugin.nativeaudio.NativeAudioAsset
com/rjfun/cordova/plugin/nativeaudio/NativeAudio.java
 com.rjfun.cordova.plugin.nativeaudio.NativeAudio
 com.rjfun.cordova.plugin.nativeaudio.NativeAudio$1
 com.rjfun.cordova.plugin.nativeaudio.NativeAudio$2
 com.rjfun.cordova.plugin.nativeaudio.NativeAudio$3
 com.rjfun.cordova.plugin.nativeaudio.NativeAudio$4
 com.rjfun.cordova.plugin.nativeaudio.NativeAudio$5
 com.rjfun.cordova.plugin.nativeaudio.NativeAudio$6
 com.rjfun.cordova.plugin.nativeaudio.NativeAudio$7
com/rjfun/cordova/plugin/nativeaudio/NativeAudioAssetComplex.java
 com.rjfun.cordova.plugin.nativeaudio.NativeAudioAssetComplex
